[SAASINT-4066] DDS: Bitwarden: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#20437)
DataDog/integrations-core: bitwarden/README.md

# Bitwarden

## Overview

> [Bitwarden][1] password manager generates, stores, and secures important digital assets in an end-to-end encrypted vault. Users can access their data from anywhere, on any device (desktop, laptop, mobile devices) with secure cloud syncing or self-hosted deployment.

Reviewer: Changes done as per your suggestion.

This integration ingests the following logs:

- Event Logs: These logs include information about item events, user events, collection events, group events, and organization events.

> This integration seamlessly collects event logs, channeling them into Datadog for analysis. Leveraging the built-in logs pipeline, these logs are parsed and enriched, enabling effortless search and analysis. The integration provides insight into event logs through the out-of-the-box dashboards and includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for improved monitoring and security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration seamlessly collects event logs, channeling them into Datadog for analysis. Leveraging the built-in logs pipeline, these logs are parsed and enriched, enabling effortless search and analysis. The integration provides insight into event logs through out-of-the-box dashboards and includes ready-to-use Cloud SIEM detection rules for improved monitoring and security.
```

Reviewer: Added the changes as per your suggestion.

## Setup

### Generate API Credentials in Bitwarden

> 1. **Log in** to the Bitwarden **Admin Console** using an account with **owner** privileges.
> 2. Navigate to the **Settings** section.
> 3. Click on **Organization info** in the Settings menu.
> 4. Scroll down to the **API Key** section.
> 5. Click on **View API key**, enter your **Master password**, and then click **View API key** to reveal the client_id and client_secret values.
> 6. Copy the **client_id** and **client_secret**. These credentials will be required to configure the integration in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Bitwarden **Admin Console** using an account with **owner** privileges.
2. Navigate to the **Settings** section.
3. Click **Organization info** in the Settings menu.
4. Scroll down to the **API Key** section.
5. Click **View API key**, enter your **Master password**, and then click **View API key** to reveal the **client_id** and **client_secret** values.
6. Copy the **client_id** and **client_secret**. These credentials are required to configure the integration in Datadog.
```

Reviewer: Added the changes.

### Connect your Bitwarden Account to Datadog

1. Add your Bitwarden Credentials.

    | Parameters                            | Description                                                  |
    | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

>     | Instance type                         | Cloud or Self-hosted                                         |

Reviewer 2: Wasn't sure if this should be capitalized everywhere or lowercased.

```suggestion
    | Instance type                         | Cloud or self-hosted                                         |
```

Reviewer: Since it's a dropdown value, I’ve kept it uppercased

Reviewer: Added the changes.

>     | Self-hosted instance domain           | The domain of your self-hosted Bitwarden instance(Required only for self-hosted Bitwarden setups). The instance must be publicly accessible via HTTPS. Example: vault.example.com, 123.123.123.123:8443.                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | Self-hosted instance domain           | The domain of your self-hosted Bitwarden instance (required only for self-hosted Bitwarden setups). The instance must be publicly accessible through HTTPS. Example: vault.example.com, 123.123.123.123:8443.                                                                                              |
```

Reviewer: Added the changes as per suggestion.

    | Client ID                             | Client ID from Bitwarden Admin Console                       |
    | Client Secret                         | Client Secret from Bitwarden Admin Console                   |

> 2. Click the **Save** button to save your settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Save** to save your settings.
```

Reviewer: Added the changes.
